.\" Manpage for gitcher.
.\" Contact garaje@glezseoane.es to any requirement.
.TH man 1 "18 Apr 2019" "3.2" "gitcher man page"
.SH NAME
gitcher \- the git profile switcher
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgitcher\fR [\fB-l\fR|\fB-o\fR|\fB-s\fR|\fB-g\fR|\fB-a\fR|\fB-d\fR ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBgitcher\fR is a git profile switcher. It facilitates the switching between git profiles, importing configuration settings such as name, email and user signatures.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fINONE\fR"
Opens the interactive mode. It is possible to access to all the operations with this mode, that offers you inline help.
.IP "\fB\-l\fR"
Shows a list with all the \fBgitcher\fR saved profiles.
.IP "\fB\-o\fR"
Displays the activated (ON) gitcher profile for the current working directory.
.IP "\fB\-s\fR \fIprofname\fR"
Set into the existing repository of the current working directory the selected profile.
.IP "\fB\-g\fR \fIprofname\fR"
Set globally the selected gitcher profile.
.IP "\fB\-a\fR \fIprofname\fR \fIname\fR \fIemail\fR \fIsignkey\fR|\fINone\fR \fITrue\fR|\fIFalse\fR
Add a new profile. Inputs are profile name, git user name, git user email, PGP sign key or None (depending if you want to use one), and True or False (depending if you want to use your PGP key to autosign every commit).
.IP "\fB\-d\fR \fIprofname\fR"
Delete the selected profile.
.SH PGP KEYS
\fBgitcher\fR only needs your key ID (the last eight digits of your validation fingerprint) to work. This is the information that you have to provide to \fBgitcher\fR while the creation of your profile.
.SH SAVED DATA
\fBgitcher\fR works with a dotfile saved on user $HOME directory. It is named \fI~/.cherfile\fR and it is not recommended to edit it manually.
.SH EXIT STATUS
Exits 0 on success and 1 on error.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgit\fR(1).
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Borja Gonzalez Seoane <garaje@glezseoane.es> is the author of \fBgitcher\fR.
.SH ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
Santiago Fernandez Gonzalez for an effusive reception of the tool, being the highest tester of \fBgitcher\fR after its own author.
